Dad, I want that piece
Xiaoyuer, do you want that stone?
I think that stone is so beautiful.
There must be something Aunt Li likes in it
Little fish
Is that the one?
Yeah, OK.
That's it.
How much is this stone?
Rough Stone No. 09 3 million
I want this piece from History Group.
Liu Yang, I admit that you have some skills in business
But jade is not for you to play with.
What if I were you?
I choose to shut up
You have just offended Qi Shao
Now if you let Lee lose money again
Lee always hates you
You're going to die tonight.
If you two can't talk
Then I'll teach you.
The county seat?
How can you believe what a little kid says?
Ahahaha
Girl doll
This jade is not as simple as you think.
The old man has studied this road professionally for decades
You're not sure
Which rough stone has good material in it?
A child plays
Can you still be serious?
Dad, there must be a treasure in this stone
I believe in little fish
Is there any expectation in this stone?
It's not up to you.
You're a dog with a soft meal
Dare to speak nonsense here
Those who can come to the jade conference today
None is not Jiangzhou
Even the top famous door of the entire building
Even we dare not say whether a hunger strike is good or bad
What right do you have?
Young people
I can understand.
But don't overdo your best.
Before you speak
First look at your identity and status
I, Lux Group, want this No. 09.